README.md, before:

flyer.ly
========

Repository for flyer.ly

Automated Testing
=================

Installation
------------

1. Install Brew

   ```ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.github.com/Homebrew/homebrew/go/install)"```

2. Update Brew 

   ```brew update``` 

3. Install ImageMagick and Node

   ```brew install imagemagick node```

4. Install CoffeScript

   ```
   cd <Flyerly Directory>
   npm install coffee-script
   ```

5. Install Zucchini

   ```sudo gem install zucchini-ios```


Configuring Tests
-----------------

1. Build and run the latest code on iOS 5 Simulator, iOS 4 Simulator and iPhone / iPad device.
2. Make a copy of ```UITests\features\support\config.yml.default``` and name it ```UITests\features\support\config.yml```
3. Make sure the path for the app is correct for the simulators in ```UITests\features\support\config.yml```
4. Make sure the UDID is correct for the device attached in the device configuration

Running Tests
-------------

1. Run on iOS 5 (Simulator):

   ```ZUCCHINI_DEVICE="iPhone Simulator" zucchini run --reports-dir <directory for reports> UITests/features/<test to run>/```

2. Run on iOS 4 (Simulator):

   ```ZUCCHINI_DEVICE="iPhone Simulator 4" zucchini run --reports-dir <directory for reports> UITests/features/<test to run>/```
   
3. Run on Device:

   ```ZUCCHINI_DEVICE="iOS Device" zucchini run --reports-dir <directory for reports> UITests/features/<test to run>/``` 

Reports need to be emailed to the QA team


### Release History

http://appshopper.com/productivity/socialflyr

Commit message:

Design Adjustments
- Design Adjustments for newer devices like iphone X, XR, XS etc.
- Upgrade code to provide support iOS 13

README.md, after:

flyer.ly
========

Repository for flyer.ly

Automated Testing
=================

Installation
------------

1. Install Brew

   ```ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.github.com/Homebrew/homebrew/go/install)"```

2. Update Brew 

   ```brew update``` 

3. Install ImageMagick and Node

   ```brew install imagemagick node```

4. Install CoffeScript

   ```
   cd <Flyerly Directory>
   npm install coffee-script
   ```

5. Install Zucchini

   ```sudo gem install zucchini-ios```


Configuring Tests
-----------------

1. Build and run the latest code on iOS 5 Simulator, iOS 4 Simulator and iPhone / iPad device.
2. Make a copy of ```UITests\features\support\config.yml.default``` and name it ```UITests\features\support\config.yml```
3. Make sure the path for the app is correct for the simulators in ```UITests\features\support\config.yml```
4. Make sure the UDID is correct for the device attached in the device configuration

Running Tests
-------------

1. Run on iOS 5 (Simulator):

   ```ZUCCHINI_DEVICE="iPhone Simulator" zucchini run --reports-dir <directory for reports> UITests/features/<test to run>/```

2. Run on iOS 4 (Simulator):

   ```ZUCCHINI_DEVICE="iPhone Simulator 4" zucchini run --reports-dir <directory for reports> UITests/features/<test to run>/```
   
3. Run on Device:

   ```ZUCCHINI_DEVICE="iOS Device" zucchini run --reports-dir <directory for reports> UITests/features/<test to run>/``` 

Reports need to be emailed to the QA team


To run Flyerly on OS X 10.10.5 and Xcode 7.1
--------------------------------------------

1. Paste the following code in "Pods/Facebook-iOS-SDK/FBSDKMacros.h":

#
define FBSDK_NO_DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER() \
@throw [NSException exceptionWithName:NSInvalidArgumentException \
                               reason:[NSString stringWithFormat:@"unrecognized selector sent to instance %p", self] \
                             userInfo:nil]

#
define FBSDK_NOT_DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER(DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER) \
@throw [NSException exceptionWithName:NSInvalidArgumentException \
                               reason:[NSString stringWithFormat:@"Please use the designated initializer [%p %@]", \
                                       self, \
                                       NSStringFromSelector(@selector(DESIGNATED_INITIALIZER))] \
                             userInfo:nil]

2. Set "iOS 7.0 and Later" in "Builds for" from Utility Area of all those .xibs that are for older iOS.

3. Set "Enable Bitcode" to "No" in Build Settings > Build Options

### Release History

http://appshopper.com/productivity/socialflyr
